[Cache] When would Cloudflare cache successfully (#14920)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/concepts/default-cache-behavior.md

- Free, Pro and Business customers have a limit of 512 MB.
- For Enterprise customers the default maximum cacheable file size is 5 GB. Contact your account team to request a limit increase.

> ## When would Cloudflare cache successfully?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When does Cloudflare cache successfully?
```

> While the connection status between visitors and Cloudflare can change in many ways, Cloudflare may or may not start to cache the content. In case that Cloudflare has already established the connection to the origin and started fetching the content, Cloudflare will continue to finish fetching the entire content and cache it even if the visitors disconnect on the way. In other case that Cloudflare has sent a request to the origin and the visitors disconnect before the origin even responds, any content has not been fetched yet, so Cloudflare will not start to cache the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection status between visitors and Cloudflare can vary, affecting whether Cloudflare caches the content or not. If Cloudflare has already established a connection to the origin and started fetching the content, it will continue to retrieve and cache the entire content, even if the visitor disconnects midway. However, if a visitor disconnects before the origin responds to Cloudflare's request, no content will have been fetched yet, so Cloudflare will not start caching the content.
```
